add 3/5/10-year vision (#822)
sourcegraph/about: company/strategy.md

- When you need to find something in or about your code (which happens many times per day), you usually start on Sourcegraph.
- To spread adoption of a new dev tool/practice or make a large-scale code change, you use Sourcegraph because you trust everyone uses it.

### 3-year vision: democratize code search {#3-year-vision}

We will make universal code search accessible to everyone.

Code search is a powerful tool that becomes indispensable when you work on large, shared codebases or depend heavily on the universe of open-source code outside your organization. It's like fire––powerful and versatile and those who've seen the light can't imagine going back to the darkness. Let's bring code search down from the Mount Olympus of Tech and make it accessible to everyone, not just the 0.1% of developers who work at Google and other tech giants.

- Fast code search that scales to giant codebases and the universe of open-source code.
- Precise code navigation that makes walking the reference graph as simple as point-and-click.
- Make large scale refactorings possible (universal search-and-replace).

> - Integrate with code hosts and code review tools to bring these developer super powers to everywhere SWEs need to understand code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Integrate with code hosts and code review tools to bring these developer superpowers to everywhere SWEs need to understand code.
```

-Sourcegraph understands the reference and dependency graph of the open-source universe and all our customers' private code. We make it easy to walk this graph (subject to the privacy constraints of our customers and users) even if you're not a professional software engineer.
- You can see which changes to code affect you and how your changes affect others.
- You can discover and more easily use libraries, with data about who uses them and how they're used.
- Sourcegraph understands how the entire codebase of an organization is evolving and makes this accessible to codebase owners. The health and overall status of the codebase is no longer opaque to engineering leaders.

### 10-year-vision: democratize coding {#10-year-vision}

We will make it so coding is a universal skill (just like universal literacy). This requires not only making coding easier but also introducing more widely available economic incentives--letting anyone earn a living coding from anywhere in the world.

> As code becomes an essential part of every company and organization, more and more people can make an impact by having access to code. It will start with roles like product management and SRE that are adjacent to software engineering, but we envision a future where code becomes so critical that nearly everyone in an organization will have an interest in understanding it and modifying it. This applies to organizations of all sizes--and even individuals earning a living from libraries they wrote and shared with others who make profitable end-user products on top of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As code becomes an essential part of every company and organization, more and more people can make an impact by having access to code. It will start with roles like product management and SRE that are adjacent to software engineering, but we envision a future where code becomes so critical that nearly everyone in an organization will have an interest in understanding it and modifying it. This applies to organizations of all sizes--and even individuals earning a living from libraries they wrote and shared with others who make profitable end-user products on top of them.
```
